Hello everyone, welcome to today's Tara Talk on May 9th. I am today's host, Hong Shi-an.
We are honored to invite Xu Ruifu to speak for us today.
Xu Ruifu is currently a research assistant at the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
He will be entering the PhD program at NTU in September.
His main research is on micro-fine-graining and material studies.
Today's topic is the Ultimate Challenge of Antenna Miniaturization.
Before we start, let's give the speaker a round of applause.
Before we start, please remember to turn on your microphones.
Let's give the floor to Ruifu.
Thank you for the introduction.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
I graduated from the Department of Electrical Engineering in 2016.
I studied for a year and graduated from the Department of Electrical Engineering.
I used to work as a research assistant at the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
I was originally planning to go to UCLA, but decided to stay in Taiwan.
Part of the reason is that I am now organizing a group of people to discuss Taiwan's PhD policy.
Last year, I was elected to be the president of NTU.
Prior to that, I was also a consultant at the Executive Yuan.
I have been concerned about the current situation.
In the past 10 years, the number of PhD students in Taiwan has dropped from 20,000 to 15,000.
This is a three-fold decrease.
At this point in time, people will be thinking about whether there is a need to adjust the way we nurture PhD students.
Whether there is a need to gather more resources to nurture our young researchers.
In addition to doing academic research, I am also concerned about this public policy.
I will spend a lot of time introducing the basic knowledge of the frontline and why we need to study this topic.
Later, I will talk about some of the results of my previous research.
Perhaps most people are familiar with and have an impression of the frontline.
It is an electromagnetic textbook.
If there is an electron with an acceleration, it will produce electromagnetic radiation.
That is the basic definition of physics.
If the frontline is a circuit, it is more like a transition device.
What kind of transition is it?
It is a guided wave and a free space wave.
A guided wave is a wave that travels from the transmission line to the air.
There is a device in the middle that can transform the electromagnetic wave.
In the transition region, we can design structures or materials to achieve the desired effect.
If we look at this in a circuit-based way,
for example, in this picture, we have a voltage source with its own generator resistance.
It is transmitted through the transmission line to the antenna.
The RL stands for Loss.
It may be the loss of various sources.
For example, conductive loss.
The R stands for the place where the radiation is emitted.
For the whole system,
whether it is heat loss or radiation loss,
it is the dissipation of energy in the circuit.
It can be represented by this resistor.
It also has some conductive or electromagnetic properties.
If we express an antenna in a circuit, it is like this.
In our impression, there are various kinds of antennas in life.
For example, this is what we think of the most.
It is called an O-level antenna.
It can be seen in Wi-Fi AP.
It is rarely seen in Doraemon comics or our roof.
But sometimes we see this kind of antenna.
It is called Yagyuda.
It is called octagonal antenna.
There is also this kind called helical antenna.
It is characterized by high concentration and is cylindrical.
There is also this kind of horn antenna.
Or the simplest and most common is called patch antenna.
It has a ground and a metal plate.
Many people may have the impression of an antenna.
In addition to this, it is a long-standing mobile phone.
You can see that it is connected to a very simple O-level antenna.
Many people may wonder why our mobile phones do not have this.
In fact, the antenna of our mobile phones is usually integrated into its chip and its shape.
For example, there is a famous story.
It is the iPhone 4 antenna door incident.
When the user holds this place, it is called the death grip.
As long as you hold it, you will die.
This is a very famous incident.
It is because it integrates its metal frame with its received frequency.
Unfortunately, when it was designed, it did not consider that the user's hand would lead to the short circuit of the receiver.
In fact, the design of the antenna can be extended from an ancient physical problem
to the modern user experience, aesthetics, and system performance.
Next, I will talk about some of the most common design parameters of antennas.
The first one is called radiation pattern.
Radiation pattern is a mathematical expression expressed in an image.
Usually, it is used to express some of the characteristics of radiation,
such as the intensity of its power, the intensity of its magnetic field,
or its fragrance, or all kinds of characteristics.
Usually, when we look at the radiation pattern,
we call it the far-field region.
There are two main reasons for the far-field region.
One is that the radiation pattern is no longer related to its distance.
It can be a more independent reference parameter.
The other is that it will become a flat wave form.
So there are many characteristics of radiation,
whether it is your power flux or your field strength.
They are all described in this way.
For example, this image shows the radiation pattern of an antenna in the form of a spherical coordinate.
We can express it as its power or its field strength.
This is called the major lobe.
This is where the magnetic field is strongest.
One of the important parameters of antenna design
is how to design its radiation characteristics into the shape and shape you want.
The second important parameter is called directivity and gain.
Directivity is the intensity of the radiation of the antenna in a specific direction
and the average value of the antenna in all directions.
So it can be used to show how concentrated the intensity is in that place.
The difference between gain and directivity is that
it looks at how the antenna effectively converts the radiation it receives
into the intensity it can actually receive in another place.
So the relationship between the two is that there is a difference in radiation efficiency.
Radiation efficiency is usually the ratio of the power received by the antenna structure
to the actual radiation output.
It is between 0 and 1.
This radiation efficiency is something we care about.
For example, in the design of a mobile phone,
the radiation efficiency directly affects the performance of the battery.
Or some more important applications affect the power consumption.
Another parameter is more practical, called realized gain.
If we look at this circuit diagram,
when the transmission goes to the antenna end,
there is a problem with the resistance matching.
In other words, if the resistance cannot be matched,
some of the waves of energy will be reflected back.
In this case, it will be less efficient.
Realized gain is the ratio of the power received by the antenna
to the gamma-reflected value of the gain.
This is the most practical aspect of the performance of the antenna.
I have a question.
Hello, I'm sorry.
I have a very basic question.
I really don't know much about this.
For an antenna,
we know that it usually has amplitude modulation and phase modulation.
In your design,
or the parameters you are talking about now,
is there a difference between amplitude and phase modulation in AM?
Or do you just need to get the maximum signal?
If it is an antenna,
our main consideration is how to get the maximum signal.
At the end,
we can use circuit design or some mathematical theory to make some modifications.
In fact, the strength of the signal,
which I will talk about later,
the ultimate goal behind the strength of the signal is
how to make the data transmission rate of your communication system
higher and better.
The higher the data transmission rate,
in fact, it will have many aspects.
The strength of the signal is one.
But, for example, the AMFM I just mentioned
is actually a different modulation method.
It will also affect the transmission rate.
There are many different places that affect the transmission rate.
But our ultimate goal is to improve the transmission rate of the entire communication system.
The design of the antenna,
the main consideration is the strength of the signal.
Thank you.
Bandwidth is also an important indicator.
As I will talk about later,
there is a well-known basic communication company called Channel Capacity.
There is a well-known information theorist called Shannon.
In addition to the strength of the signal,
another thing that affects the transmission rate is bandwidth.
But bandwidth is actually a broader thing.
Bandwidth just means that
the characteristics of our antenna
can maintain the characteristics we want within a certain frequency range.
So it can indicate a lot of physical variables,
such as input resistance,
for example, the beamwidth of the radiation pattern I just mentioned,
or the polarization you want.
It can have a lot of physical variables.
But what we see most often is the bandwidth of resistance.
The reason why the antenna produces radiation
is because it produces resonance of the structure at a certain frequency.
When resonance occurs,
the resistance and the reactance will change drastically.
As long as you can match the impedance,
the energy will be absorbed.
So if we want to achieve a broad bandwidth,
where the impedance is bandwidth,
we often see a parameter,
which is the reflection factor I mentioned earlier.
How to make this bandwidth as wide as possible
will affect the transmission rate of the entire system.
After talking about some basic features of the antenna,
I will slowly move on to the part about antenna miniaturization.
Antenna miniaturization is a very old topic.
It was discussed at the beginning of World War II.
At the beginning, there was a person who had a lot to do with us.
He was a professor at MIT named Zhu Lancheng.
In fact, in the early years,
he also helped a lot with the teaching and teaching in Taiwan.
He was a professor at MIT.
In 1948, he proposed this concept for the first time.
What is it?
He said that the design of the antenna was a bit like a blind man's vision.
He felt that a certain design could achieve a target.
For example, what kind of radiation efficiency do I want?
What kind of gain do I want?
What kind of bandwidth do I want?
However, we often modify the east and the west.
Change a little bit here and there.
We want to see how we can get the best design target.
But there seems to be some kind of connection between them.
It seems that you can't change everything at the same time.
There will always be some kind of trade-off.
Professor Zhu Lancheng proposed the concept of how to describe the relationship between them for the first time in 1948.
His idea was not very complicated.
He used a sphere to wrap up the antenna structure.
He used a sphere that could enclose the entire antenna structure.
He assumed that there are ideal characteristics in the sphere.
For example, there is no loss in it, and there is no storage of energy.
Assume that there is a vibrating mode in it.
It may be the simplest mode.
The vibrating mode is a general expression.
After assuming the vibration mode,
calculate the vibrating mode of the spherical wave.
The second step is to convert the vibrating mode of the spherical wave into an equivalent circuit.
Each Z represents a vibration mode in it.
Through the calculation of the equivalent circuit,
we can calculate how much energy is stored and how much energy is dissipated by the electromagnetic wave.
This is the quality factor.
I'd like to talk a little bit about the quality factor.
The concept of the quality factor that we first came across
was probably in the system of spring-force oscillation.
At that time, we were looking for the lower the loss, the better.
The higher the Q value, the better.
It means that the energy is not wasted,
and it is a high-efficiency oscillation.
But the opposite is true for the antenna.
We are not looking for the higher the Q value, the better.
Because for the circuit system,
Q also represents the energy that is lost and the energy that is radiated.
For the circuit system,
the energy that is lost and the energy that is radiated are both a kind of loss.
So if you want to have a wider frequency band,
the lower the Q value, the better.
But this involves another problem.
In the end, the lower the Q value, the better.
Is it that your energy is all used up in the circuit?
Or is it radiation?
This is another problem.
So it's possible that your...
My question is,
but if what we're doing today is all commercial circuits,
all communications,
you can't just choose a narrowband,
a transmission band,
and then you just need to make a very large Q,
the noise bandwidth will be very small.
So for the receiver,
you can still use a very large Q antenna.
You're right.
But usually we still expect the wider the frequency band, the better.
But in this case,
it depends on what your needs are in the design scenario,
and how you want to solve this problem.
But if we only evaluate the performance of the antenna itself,
whether it's gain or bandwidth,
or radiation efficiency,
we expect it to be the larger the better.
But in reality,
if you really can't reach that bandwidth,
there are other techniques that you can use to overcome it.
For example, is it possible that the resonance frequency band can be switched?
Then you can save some design space.
If it's really narrowband.
So as I said, the lower the Q value, the better.
But there's another problem.
Is your Q value low because the energy is used in the circuit or radiation?
If it's all used in the circuit,
that means the radiation efficiency is very, very low.
By doing this calculation,
we get a general expression.
This expression doesn't look like this at first,
but the people in the back keep improving and modifying it.
This is roughly the limit that everyone accepts in the current antenna design field.
From this relationship, we can see that K is the wave number.
It's 2pi over lambda.
So here, A is the enclosing sphere.
So it's equal to the ratio of A to lambda.
So if your antenna is getting smaller and smaller,
for example, far smaller than the wave length,
it's actually this three-dimensional direction that will dominate.
Then it will become very large very quickly.
So that means your Q is lower bound.
Its Q is considered lower bound,
so your lower bound will keep getting higher.
In other words, the frequency of your system will definitely be downgraded.
In 1948, this article was the first to discuss this issue.
No matter how much you modify it,
in fact, your antenna performance will have a theoretical limit.
This problem becomes a bit like the Holy Grail in the antenna design field.
It's an issue that everyone wants to discuss and pursue.
The formula that I just mentioned is also the channel capacity proposed by Claude Shannon in 1948.
It says that the amount and rate of data that can be transmitted by communication
is related to our frequency and signal-to-noise ratio.
In other words, if we want to improve our data transmission rate,
either our frequency can be improved,
or our signal-to-noise ratio can be improved.
There is a very interesting experiment.
In theory, this limit cannot be proven.
If you really want to prove it, you can only prove that
I propose a design, and I break your boundary,
so your theory has a problem.
So in 2012, these people gathered their strength.
They searched for more than 100 articles in IEEE APS's 7,800 articles
to analyze its performance to see if it is within this theoretical bound.
Here are some of their calculations.
So they got the picture I put in the speech projection video.
The difference between virtual and real is only the mode used.
In this picture, the horizontal axis is KA,
which is the ratio of the physical size relative to the wavelength.
So from this picture,
it explains why this Friedman's limit is exceeded.
In fact, it is not exceeded.
It is related to its impedance matching.
Its impedance matching has been modified.
If impedance matching is also considered,
it does not exceed the theoretical limit.
So according to his paper,
this theoretical limit seems to be correct.
This is one thing.
Another thing is that its KA is only 0.1.
For example, if the antenna is at 3GHz resonance,
3GHz is about 10 cm.
Yes, 10 cm.
In this case, 0.1 is about 1 cm.
So this is the feeling of 0.1 wavelength.
Another thing is that when KA is very, very small,
many studies have pointed out that
all existing historical designs
are well below this theoretical bound.
Even if the theoretical limit tells us
that the performance of the antenna will definitely deteriorate,
we will still design well below the theoretical limit.
What is the theoretical limit?
B long.
B is bandwidth.
Long is the radiation efficiency of the antenna.
So the radiation efficiency will directly affect
our signal-to-noise ratio.
So it directly affects our transmission rate.
These two things must be considered together.
Because in the previous theoretical limit,
it only considered the quality factor.
It is related to bandwidth.
But often the radiation efficiency and bandwidth
will have a trade-off.
There have been new theoretical discussions.
For example, in this article in 2017,
he discussed that
in fact,
in this formula,
when the signal-to-noise ratio is less than 1,
it will be converted into this formula.
At this time,
the main dominant channel capacity
is the intensity of the signal.
The intensity of the signal will be directly related to the radiation efficiency.
So he did not use the structure of Ka to the quality factor
to deduce,
but to deduce directly from the radiation efficiency.
He also deduced a theoretical bound.
In 2017, this theory is still being renewed.
To refine.
So when we know such a limit and background,
we will think about
where we have the need for this application.
This picture is a peninsula.
I have not been there.
I just downloaded it from the Internet.
It is a VLF antenna of the U.S. Navy.
How big is this peninsula?
At kilometer square.
It is about 100 football fields.
Its energy consumption is 8 MW.
It is about a hydropower dam.
Each antenna is 300 meters.
It is about the Eiffel Tower.
What is the antenna doing?
It is related to submarine communication.
It is to do submarine communication.
Why is it so big and so powerful?
Because of the wavelength.
It is a frequency of 3 to 30 kHz.
It can do underwater and underground communication.
Because at this frequency,
it can penetrate water or oil.
It can also reflect in the elevator.
But this frequency is very long.
10 to 100 kilometers.
So if you want to operate efficiently
in a wavelength or half a wavelength,
it is inevitable that it is a huge monster.
So your cost will be very high.
Another one is
if you want to be more practical,
become a portable device.
For example, when you are diving,
you also want to communicate.
For example, when you are caving,
It is inevitable that if you wear it,
there will be a problem of battery life
and physical size.
At this time,
your traditional antenna structure
will become very inefficient
and unusable.
Because for this wavelength,
our place is electrically small.
It is here.
It is well below theoretical bound.
In addition to low-frequency applications,
we are also looking forward to
some applications with higher frequencies.
For example,
our Apple Watch is a portable device.
Although it is not so huge,
if we want to put the antenna
in a very small place,
it will also be electrically small.
Or we may want to design
a medical device.
After it reaches the human body,
it will not only be electrically small,
but its signal will also be very, very weak.
In addition,
some people are thinking about wearable devices,
such as clothes or contact lenses.
These may also have higher frequencies,
but also require an electrically small scene.
How to solve this problem?
In fact,
humans have used a similar concept before,
but it did not happen in the antenna.
It happened in other places.
If you look at the picture on the right,
this is the circuit board of our ancient age.
There is also this kind of electrode and capacitor on it.
This chip is very early.
It is called the surface wave filter.
So later,
we can make the circuit very small,
and no longer use these,
what is it called?
Distributor or something.
This kind of characteristic electrode and capacitor
can be integrated into the chip and become smaller
because of this surface wave filter.
What is its basic concept?
It is what we learned in high school.
The frequency is equal to the frequency times the wavelength.
Then our acoustic wave
is about 1,000 to 10,000 meters per second.
But our speed of light is 3 times 4,
which is 8 square meters per second.
So if we want to use the same operating frequency,
the wave speed will be proportional to the wavelength.
So intrinsically,
if you use a mechanical wave as a resonance,
its physical size will be about 10 to the 5th order.
In the deep wave filter and later,
in fact, our mobile phones are already in use.
It is called duplexer, diplexer, or filter.
They are all used to operate frequency components or oscillators.
These things have long been used
in the deep wave components of mechanics,
which is the surface wave filter.
There is also a newer technology
called the Fog Acoustic Wave.
So is it possible to realize this in the antenna?
Everyone is thinking about
whether it is possible to apply a similar concept
to make it smaller.
It can really shrink it,
or although it is smaller,
its performance is acceptable.
So everyone has been discussing a new concept
for about a year or two.
In fact, it is not possible,
but I started to think about it again.
I proposed a term called Mechanical Antenna.
It is relatively electrical,
called mechanical.
In this article in 2019,
they should also be part of the DAPA team.
They were discussing
what kind of research there is now
and what is the difference between it and traditional antenna.
This is how he described it.
I want to clarify one thing.
Because ZOO, or ZOO Theory,
is basically a circuit.
But in fact,
you can replace all the components on the circuit
with equivalent mechanical components.
So in theory,
the equation is still correct.
It's just that now you have changed Lambda to be very small,
so K becomes very large.
Sorry, Lambda is very large,
so K becomes very small.
But that one square plus three squares,
that relation should still be Holtz, right?
Theoretically, it is like this,
but there is not a very strict,
complete argument.
That's what we think.
This will be discussed later.
Then this Mechanical Antenna,
he described it like this.
He said, for example,
if we think about the source of the electromagnetic wave,
it can be a moving electron,
which becomes a current.
Does that moving become a physical motion,
rather than a current?
So he said,
you can take a desystatic field source,
like a magnet or charge distribution,
then mechanically move it
to modulate its external field.
So for an observer,
the electromagnetic wave he received,
for them,
it is no different from the equivalent electrical induced dipole.
It can do this.
Then he discussed some different designs in it.
For example, on the left,
in some ferroelectric or ferromagnetic materials,
there will be a lot of dipole moments.
Then you apply some stress to it,
alternating stress.
The dipole moment may change direction
and produce an electromagnetic wave.
Or more violently,
you spin the whole ferromagnetic iron
to produce an electromagnetic wave radiation.
You can check this paper if you are interested.
But I think many of his discussions are still very primitive.
In fact, I don't fully believe it.
Then he summarized the current mechanical antenna,
operating band, and some references.
My focus now is on this area,
from very high frequency to ultra high frequency.
Then I use these ferro materials
as the source of radiation.
I am more focused on this area
because the data rate of this frequency is higher,
so there may be commercial applications.
But in fact, if it is low frequency,
it is a military application.
But I haven't found a partner yet,
so I may be interested in developing it.
I know they are already doing it in the US.
The other article is also published this year.
Not mine.
He is also discussing
the structure of different new mechanical antennas.
For example, there is a model of general antenna.
When it is electrically small,
in order to make it match,
it will become very lossy.
There is a problem with it.
Then your radiation efficiency will become poor.
It is also difficult to match.
Then this mechanical antenna
can also draw some equivalent circuits
to calculate its radiation.
In this article,
the main comparison is
electrolyte,
that is, electric charge,
or Pielo electric material.
In the end, Klein said
that in the structure of Pielo electric alternating dipole,
we can expect that
it is smaller than the traditional dipole antenna.
When it is small,
its relative efficiency
can be up to 10 to 6 times.
This is already published in the article of Applied Physics.
If we use the characteristics of the electric charge,
its radiation efficiency can be up to 10 to 6 times.
However, don't think 10 to 6 times is very powerful.
Because it may only be a completely useless thing
to be slightly usable.
Because there is the theoretical bound.
Sorry, I keep interrupting.
I have a question.
This is a small question.
The surface acoustic wave,
or mechanical wave in general,
is its lossiness related to temperature?
Is it related to the temperature of the material?
Yes.
So in theory,
the lower my imagination is,
the higher its Q is, right?
Yes.
The characteristics of its resonance
will definitely be affected by temperature.
But what about its sensitivity?
What about the situation of Q downgrade?
So when I read these articles,
I naturally think of a few questions.
The first one is,
just now,
our bandwidth efficiency product,
this theoretical bound,
can the mechanical antenna
make a similar prediction?
What is its definition?
This is the first question.
The second question is,
is the mechanical antenna
below or beyond the Q limit?
If it is below the Q limit,
how close can it approach the theoretical bound?
Does it have any practical application value?
These are all questions
that have not yet been answered.
Can I ask a few questions?
I'm just curious.
So generally speaking,
what materials are currently used?
The second question is,
I think the mechanical wave
has a high Q,
but is it impossible
to make an amplifier component?
No one has done this before.
Is it possible to do
a mechanical amplifier component?
The first question is,
what did you just say?
I forgot.
Sorry.
Generally speaking,
what materials are used?
Materials.
For example,
this is called electric.
It can hold charge
and make some mechanical motion.
This is called magnet.
But you can also apply
the dipole moment in the material.
For example,
there are some piezoelectric materials
or ferromagnetic materials.
You can let the dipole moment
generate an equivalent current or magnetic current
to generate electromagnetic radiation.
So the main materials used are
piezoelectric materials,
ferromagnetic materials,
or purely charged and magnetic materials.
The second question is,
why did you mention
the mechanical amplifier?
I think it's easy to make an amplifier
in a battery.
But if you receive a mechanical wave,
do you need to...
It's not difficult to send a mechanical wave,
but how do you receive it
and how do you amplify it?
Is this a more realistic question?
Or do you want to turn it into an electronic signal
and amplify it?
I think if I'm thinking about
applying this,
I would think about
what difficulties it faces
on the receiving end.
But this seems a bit too broad,
so I don't know if you...
Like you said,
this is a very deep research.
For example,
I know piezoelectric materials
because they already have
a lot of commercial applications,
like the Surface Acoustic Wave
or Bar Acoustic Wave.
For these,
they have some equivalent circuit models.
For example,
if you receive it,
you can turn it from an electromagnetic wave
into a mechanical wave.
Then the mechanical wave
can be equivalent to a circuit
and do some calculations and matching
with the circuit.
But the difficulties I'm facing now
will be discussed later.
These are also other difficulties.
In the case of piezoelectric,
the properties are well-known.
This is called multi-fluid material.
At first glance,
I thought,
what is this word?
If we look at it from this picture,
it's electrically polarizable
or magnetically polarizable.
There is a intersection between them.
There is ferroelectric and ferromagnetic.
At the same time,
there is ferroelectric and ferromagnetic,
which is called multi-fluid.
If it is a physical property,
for example,
electrical will have electrical polarization,
and the applied magnetic field
will have magnetization.
There will be a corresponding
piezoelectricity between them.
For example,
from stress to electrical field,
electrical field becomes stress.
This is called magnetoelectricity.
Magnetoelectricity is
when you give it a stress,
it can become a magnetic field.
This is the relationship between the changes.
There are some materials,
but the research progress
between them is not the same.
In 2015,
the UCLA group,
we cooperated with their group.
They proposed this structure,
that is to say,
using MANS.
Basically,
it is the
far-acoustic resonator.
However,
it allows the stress,
the force,
to drive the other ferromagnetic material.
Then,
the magnetic dipole moment
will generate the same magnetic current,
generating electromagnetic radiation.
Why did they develop such a component?
In addition to what I just said,
it may have a relatively high frequency application.
In addition,
it can be integrated with some materials.
However,
my research is based on this research
to make some extensions.
However,
I also hope that
since I have decided to stay in Taiwan,
I can develop this component.
The governing equation behind it
is basically
in addition to Maxwell's equation,
Newton's law,
there is another one
to describe its
magnetization behavior,
called Landau-Lipschitz-Gilbert equation.
This equation basically describes
that if your electron has an external applied
magnetic field,
it will have a precession
and some loss.
It describes the relationship
between your magnetization
and your applied magnetic field
dynamically.
They use this model
to do FDTD numerical simulation calculation
to calculate
its theoretical performance and upper limit.
It was published in 2015.
In 2017,
this structure,
Sound of Nature,
said that
it has measured this signal
in the experiment.
If you look at this picture,
it uses a home antenna
at 2.5 GHz.
It has a similar structure.
Ammonium nitride is a PLA electric material.
Iron is another kind of magnetic material.
Ferromagnetic material.
The contrast of these two pictures
is that
the strength of the signal
in their operating band
is obvious.
This is a reflector.
It has energy in it,
but its reflector
does not have radiation.
It has a signal
about 20 dB older.
It claims that
its device
is experimentally successful.
However,
I have some questions.
One is that
the UCLA group
is Northeastern.
The UCLA group
has not been able to do it yet.
The other is that
it claims that
it does not need
a biased magnetic field.
It can also have a strong coupling.
This is what
we usually think about
when we think about radiation theory.
The UCLA group and I
have used
Ferromagnetic Resonance,
or FMR,
to describe radiation.
If you want to produce FMR,
you must have a biased magnetic field.
This is explained by
H-current law.
I am not sure if it is true,
but they have published Nature.
Next is my research.
Based on this structure,
I did some extension work,
from simulation to actual experiment.
My starting point is extension work.
We are running out of time,
so you may have to finish it as soon as possible.
OK.
The rest is just some results.
I will try to speed up.
So,
based on their design structure,
I was wondering if it is possible
to explore some of the features of their project.
So I referred to some
design of resonator.
The reason for doing this is
because their operating direction
is longitudinal.
If you have something made of metal,
your radiation efficiency will be downgraded.
This is the property of image current.
So I was wondering
if it is possible that it is not longitudinal,
but lateral,
implanted resonance.
This implanted resonance
may be able to do some planning.
This article was published the year before.
It was in conference,
because it was not done yet.
So I designed this structure.
I used COMSOL simulation,
and then used an ideal and simple assumption
to calculate the radiation.
So,
I designed this structure.
First,
if you want to generate a plant,
you need two orthogonal resonant pairs,
and a 90-degree difference.
In this case,
you can generate an original model.
I calculated the magnitude.
Then,
I used the magnitude
to make some initial assumptions.
The stress field and magnetic current
are proportional.
Then, I calculated the original radiation,
the electromagnetic radiation.
Then, I used the original radiation
to calculate the original performance.
Then,
I calculated this initial picture,
which is directly related to the model,
and its radiation pattern,
which is a circular polarized dipole.
You can observe that
in very low frequency,
which is not the resonant band,
the magnitude is small,
but the motion is mostly circular.
In the operating band,
the magnitude is much larger,
and the motion is circular.
In other bands,
the motion is almost non-circular.
That's about it.
I have a question.
You show the actual numbers.
Your bandwidth is micron,
and it's 10 to the power of 6 to the power of 7.
Is the displacement actually nanometer or sub-nanometer?
Yes.
This is a simulation.
But at the end of the day,
if you want to make a device,
your environment may be like an optical table.
Otherwise, the noise will be super loud.
Yes.
I will put my experiment results at the end.
No, that's called verifying your theoretical calculations.
No problem.
It should be downgraded.
I don't know.
I will talk about this later.
In fact, this size is very idealized.
In fact, our fabrication process...
I think I showed the diameter.
How much is it?
This simulation case is an idealized case.
If the motion is circular,
it means the radius is close to the height.
There will be a circular mode.
But in fact,
the material cannot be made so small and so thick.
So it will become like a disk.
If I simulate with a disk,
its mesh will become very complicated.
Because its width and thickness are a bit different.
You may have a very fine mesh here.
Then your mesh element will become a lot.
Then the calculation will be very long and not very accurate.
So you will see some strange results.
If it is a circular motion of a disk,
is it really feasible?
I think I have some problems with simulation.
Anyway, let's do it.
So the first version,
I asked UCL to make a chip.
This chip is the bow antenna in front.
In order to feed a 90-degree angle,
I made a coupler.
Then it will feed a 90-degree angle.
This is the proportion map.
Then I made a matrix.
One is nickel.
They used nickel earlier.
But in fact, nickel cannot be used in high-frequency applications.
The material is also a big problem.
Then there are different radius sizes.
Then I use a home antenna in the far-field region to receive.
The one below is the magnetic field to be biased.
It's DC.
Then I use a patch antenna to compare.
This patch antenna is fabricated.
Its receiving wall and its noise
are about 20 dB different.
It's where the reflection coefficient is.
I want to compare it with the environment noise.
There should be a difference.
Anyway, this is the band I designed.
Theoretically, this is what you want to see.
This picture is S21.
This is patched.
This is its background noise, red.
This is where the signal strength is.
I want to see if it can be compared with the noise.
Obviously, S21 is patched.
4-pole and low-pole,
I made another standard.
I soldered a small 50-ohm resistor.
I compared it with the resistance of the terminal.
I used a bandwidth.
I compared it with two things.
One is patched.
The other is the terminal resistor.
4-pole is the actual result.
This picture is a little bit wrong.
There is a false wire.
It is not corrected.
Blue.
My first measurement was 2 years ago.
It is not very successful.
Original antenna radiation.
The 4-pole and low-pole are not clearly visible.
Specific frequency band.
I compared it with the S11.
It is not very visible.
The other reference.
The showed is the difference.
The shown is the difference.
So the final conclusion is
My coupler itself has radiation
So how to eliminate coupler radiation
So the first step is
I don't want to do the original plan
I just look at one of its modes
For one mode, I just need to add an electrode
No need to fit such a large coupler
The second step is
Even if I want to look at radiation
I need to make sure the material has a circular mode
So what I'm doing now is
I need to look at the material
To see if it really has a circular mode
This can be done using some mechanics
To look at the vibration mode
After these two things are confirmed
We'll see if there's a circular mode
In terms of mechanics
No one has ever discussed the circular mode
In terms of the circular mode
If it's for a system with poor signal quality
It's very important
Because using the circular mode
Improves the transmission of data
But in the end, this is a bigger problem
In addition to the theoretical questions I mentioned earlier
And the structure
Which application can actually be used
To achieve this performance
At the moment, I'm doing some extensions on this work
But this is actually a pretty new topic
There's still a lot to explore
That's all for my speech
Thank you
Does anyone have any questions?
If not, I'll ask a question
I have a question about
The working mechanism of your system
Can you go back to the structure diagram
There's a piezoelectric
And there's a ferroelectric on top
Can you explain a little bit
How this thing
Generates and receives signals?
Let's look at this diagram
If we look at the diagram on the right
The first thing that the piezoelectric material does
Is that there's an electrode on both sides
And there's a voltage difference
Which creates an electrode
And this electrode
The alternating electrode
Will produce a deformation in the opamp material
And this deformation creates a resonance
So this is an electrical field
Which becomes a resonance through the piezoelectric electricity
The resonance of the structure
Will cause a change in the stress
And in the magnetostrictive material
Its characteristic is
If it has an applied stress field
The magnetization or magnetic dipole moment
Or its internal magnetic field
Will have something to do with the applied stress
So its magnetization will change
But this is also a problem and challenge
Because the piezoelectric electricity
Has a commercial application
So its behavior is well known
But in the magnetostrictive material
Its theory is not so complete
We should have
Also been related to G.E.F.
When they discovered this phenomenon
And it's more primitive
If you apply a stress
It will cause deformation
And the magnetic field of its beam will change
So they want to use this design
To produce dynamic magnetization in the resonance
Theoretically, dynamic magnetization
Is equivalent to magnetic current
Just like AC current
If you have AC magnetic current
It will also produce electromagnetic radiation
That's about it
But the problem is
There are many discussions about this material
For example
What is the effect of its power absorption
And what is the efficiency of its coupling
And so on
What is the acoustic buffer?
This thing
They want the fundamental mode
The standing wave
This is related to their theoretical prediction
When you are in the resonance
For example, you must be 2 times the wave
2 times the 3rd wave
Is the second wave the stress wave?
Yes, it's the mechanical stress resonant wave
So that thing is to form a cavity
Yes, it's to make the standing wave
The strongest stress field
To work on the magnetic material
Theoretically, we apply the strongest stress field
It should have the strongest magnetic field change
So they added this acoustic buffer
Is the magnetic radiation as strong as the electrical radiation?
I rarely heard of someone
It's usually an electric dipole
It's rare to have a real magnetic dipole
There is a type of antenna
It's called loop antenna
It's like a donut
Loop antenna is a loop current
We know that according to
I forgot the current
Anyway, it's a loop current
It's equivalent to a magnetic dipole
Alternative magnetic dipole
So there is a design called loop antenna
When we calculate
Sometimes we use this equivalent theory
To calculate its radiation with magnetic dipole
Its characteristics are indeed different
For example, it may be more inductive
Or some characteristics are different
But it does have this
It's called loop antenna
OK
Another question I'm interested in
You just mentioned
This is the original signal
It will make your transmission better
It should be better than signal to noise
Yes
Why is this?
Well
One is
Under this architecture
Because it's a longitudinal magnetic current
According to image theory
If it's on a
Infinite metal surface
Actually its direction
Its radiation will cancel
Their original design
They didn't consider this problem
Of course, if you don't need to put it on any metal plane
You won't have this problem
But it's possible that
Your antenna is still placed on some metal
So you will have this problem
In longitudinal
This is the antenna design itself
I didn't put it in the video
It's
Originality
It's usually used in satellite communication
Why?
Because satellite communication
Has very high requirements for sensitivity
In fact
General antenna
If you don't use originality
But random or linear
There will be some problems when it's transmitted
For example
The first one is
If you want to receive
You need alignment
Then you need to align the antenna
That's a lot of trouble
Originality won't have this problem
The second one is
For example, in many architectures
When it's reflected and transmitted
The loss of originality will be much smaller
OK
So there may be differences between S and P in the antenna
S and P
Like booster angle
S-Wave or P-Wave
The reflection rate is different
Or
I didn't understand this in detail
But
They will talk about something called
Faraday effect
What else?
Multipath loss
But if you have very high requirements for the system
I usually want to use originality
Just because of our mobile phones and Wi-Fi
There is no such thing as system requirements
Just say whatever
But if you are
To satellite or military
If the sensitivity requirement is very high
I would prefer to use originality
It also has
Linearity is a direction of modulation
Originality can also double its capacity
It's kind of like a better choice
But it's usually more difficult to implement
OK, I see
Thank you
Is there any other questions?
May I ask
What is the thickness of the electrode?
Between the piezoelectric
And magnetostrict layer
What material is it?
The thickness of the electrode here
I think it's about
It should not be
It should be 0.1 micrometer
It's very, very thin
Then my material
Color is according to them
That is, the process
They should be using
They started with PT
But the last fabricated thing
This is where it connects to the electrode above
I remember they used PT
It's thin
And then the electrode
Will affect its resonance
There will be some
Mod
Resonance mod
And then there will be some loss
But relatively speaking
Not so serious
but
If you want to optimize
Electrode factors will also need to be considered
Because it may be like a buffer
So you
Your stress may not necessarily
Will affect the
Magnetostrict material
I understand what you mean
Because if you want
Resonance stress field
It needs an air cavity design
That is
In bioacoustic wave resonator
It will have different designs
You will reduce
There is a kind of
You have to try to keep
Its energy in this structure
To correct
It may have an air cavity
Or a reflector design
Because your theory is
I hope your strain
Can cause a magnetic field
Change
but
I'm talking about your buffer layer now
Because your government
Must be small
Because it is a p-zoid material
Maybe less than
One nanometer
Yes
Then you have a layer on top
Such a thick metal
I don't know
Magnetostrict
How much magnetic field
The electrode he used
That is
The electrode he actually fabricated
Not as thick as intended
But indeed
In fact, how much
Magnetization change
Also
Still studying
That is
Either you look at its power absorption
Or look at it
At least you have to make sure
It has power absorption
You can look at its radiation
That is
Now is
For example, this
Magnetostrict
Some characteristics of power absorption
Everyone is still studying
I'm just curious
Like your structure
How do you design
The frequency of your work
Basically just
That depends on
Is the thickness of the material of the magnetostrict
No, it's the total thickness
Roughly speaking
That's right
But I use COMSOL first
That is
In theory, each mode of it
It should be able to calculate
Geometric
Some relationships
Resonance
But roughly the thickness
The main thing is to determine its resonance frequency
That's right
How many modes do you want it to work
That is
Fundamental mode
I see
OK
Thank you
Then
At first
I will use COMSOL first
To simulate
Maybe this
The mode you want
Its characteristic mode
What frequency is it
I have a question
Yes
That is
Where is your device
You said you are teaching UCLA, right?
I am with
That is
They are a center called
California
Nano system
What
Then it is actually
Someone is responsible for theoretical
Someone is responsible for fabrication
Someone is responsible for material development
Then I am with them
Fabrication group
Cooperate
So I put my design
Draw a layout for it
Then he helped me make it
Then send it to me
Then I measure
But I am now
I hope I can be in Taiwan directly
To develop these materials
You finished answering my question
That is
I want to ask Taiwan
Can you do this in Taiwan
Oh yeah
I am now
Because actually
Like Taichung Institute of Technology
They may
Someone was studying before
Surface Acoustic Wave Filter
Or something
But as far as I know
All over Taiwan
No one is studying now
No one is doing
That is
BoFilter with commercial application
But in fact
BoFilter this thing has been
What brocon
Avago
They are already
It is already
Commercial
But Taiwan does not have this technology now
That is
BoFilter
In fact, it is for
Compared with SoFilter
Its high-frequency performance
Is much better
It can be up to 6GHz
It can be a good filter
Then very small
Probably
1mm
Or smaller
1mm2
Next I have a
It's my little suggestion
It's not common
It's not a problem
That is
I guess Ted should be the same as me
That is, we may all have a little
Occupational disease
There is a little bias
I think this
You
Measure this thing for the first time
To verify its quality
Or to deny
That
Northeastern quality
I think this
This may be you
Not only do you have to go to the light table
You still have to low temperature
You may have to give it a cover
That
New Metal Cam
What to cover the magnetic field of the earth
Should be
You really have to be able to control your
Your
That field
You should say you have to control your
Background
To be very low
May be able to see
Yes, that's right
I think you have to vacuum
Of course
You have to vacuum at low temperature
Otherwise you have to turn the air into ice
Put it in
Yes, it should be
Should be
I think so too
So Ted, do you think so?
Yes, it is
Because
Something with wind power is
I think it needs
How much 4K
At least
I think this is my opinion
Is
You
I'm talking like this now
Oh, you have to control your environment
To do this
This measurement
It feels like it's not commercializable
Or
More practical
Technology
But I think this is the first step
So I don't think he
It's impossible to pull up in the future
But I
I look at it now
You have to do the first measurement now
May be
It's not that your device is bad
Or your simulation is wrong
Or something
I think it may be
Measurement
Not easy to do
But there should be a chance
Yes
Like that
Northeastern
The two of them
That thing
Since 2017
There is no more
Repeat work
Because I know how to do
Graduate from graduate school
Ha ha ha ha
Is
They switched to low-frequency applications
Then
Yes
So
I don't know
Anyway, I just
Keep going
OK
Is there any other questions?
If not
Then I'll put that first
Recording
Turn it off